Takamasa Kune
The Entertainment Earth for Haw ah!
Sakamoto Nakaoka who still stands And sits on his defense
With his
Nakaoka, you're also defeated.
There's still a good guy left in Bakuri.
But no matter how much we sacrifice our lives,
we cannot knock down the Hamlet of the dead.
You fool, you dumb hot ass.
Moon, take my hand.
A storm of...
tears...
is poured into the land...
Let this springende at last...
a friend of it.
I will return to Tokyo.
Ryoma Sakamoto, the head of the city,
and Shintaro Nakaoka, the head of the city,
will be praying for the future of the village.
Together, we will protect the village of Sumerami.
Akio Iroha Kikogira Mio
Let's excavate the stone
Translated by Releska